Restricted Operators in Dashboards doc added (#3273)
SumoLogic/sumologic-documentation: docs/dashboards/about.md

## Auto Refresh

> Your dashboard can automatically refresh its panels to the latest information. You have the ability to configure the refresh interval rate by clicking the dropdown arrow next to the refresh icon. There are some restrictions when you use operators with dashboards, to know more refer to [Restricted Operators in Dashboards](/docs/dashboards/restricted-operators-dashboards)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Your dashboard can automatically refresh its panels to the latest information. You have the ability to configure the refresh interval rate by clicking the dropdown arrow next to the refresh icon.

There are some restrictions when using operators with dashboards. To learn more, see [Restricted Operators in Dashboards](/docs/dashboards/restricted-operators-dashboards).
```
